# Client-Server-Development

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I developed modular software that can easily be transferred to create software that can easily be maintained, read, and adaptable. For instance, the CRUD module fitted in Project Three is easily interchanged with Project One and Project Two for reading, updating, and deleting data in the database. Increased production time Working modularly, creates applications that are not just modular and reusable but also troubleshot and well maintained.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
As a computer scientist, I've used critical thinking when approaching software issues. I would begin with analyzing the challenge; then, understanding the requirements allows me to interpret different solutions on what will work best in solving the challenge. Doing this will enable me to develop tests alongside metrics for each of the requirements made. It is with the tests and developments that I can develop tools to address challenges and implement software for debugging an application.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientist find challenges and learn about them, testing solutions and implemnting changes. This process helps develop in improved quality in software for clients. Without a proper setup in problem solving, there isn't a way to learn and grow from experiences. Software that is developed modularly creates a shortcut for companies later on by making software that are easily replacable or implemented elsewhere. This helps companies like Grazioso Salvare save time and space.
